============
 Libsuinput
============

Uinput is Linux kernel module which allows attaching userspace device
drivers into the Linux kernel. However, its ioctl-interface is pretty
low level from an application developer's perspective. This library
provides a set of helper functions for making the usage of uinput
easier. Libsuinput can be considered thin, because it operates on the
same file descriptors as traditional ioctl commands.

Author: Tuomas Räsänen <tuomasjjrasanen@tjjr.fi>
Homepage: <http://tjjr.fi/sw/libsuinput/>

How to install
==============

Just run the following commands:

  ./configure && make && make install

It installs the library to /usr/local/lib and header files to
/usr/local/include. See INSTALL for details.

How to report bugs
==================

The bug database is hosted in Launchpad. If you have found a bug or
have an improvement idea you want to share, please report it at
<https://bugs.launchpad.net/libsuinput>. However, to avoid duplicate
bug reports, before reporting, please check if similiar or identical
bug has already been reported. If the description of the existing bug
report If so, you can still subscribe to the existing bug to track its
progress.

If you are unsure whether the problem you have is due to a bug, you
can ask questions at <https://answers.launchpad.net/libsuinput>.

How to contribute
=================

In addition to reporting bugs and improvement suggestions, you are
encouraged to contribute bug-fixes or features. Source code is
maintained in Git VCS. The main repository is hosted in GitHub,
<https://github.com/tuomasjjrasanen/libsuinput/> and mirrored in
Launchpad as a Bazaar repository. The preferred way to contibute code
is to clone the main Git repository and send a pull-request. Good old
patches via email are also accepted.

How to copy
===========

Libsuinput is free (libre) software and licensed under the terms of
GNU Public License version 3 or later. In short, it means that you are
free to copy, modify and redistribute this software as long as you
place the derivative work under a compatible license. See COPYING for
details.
